CHAPTER 3 - EVE

[mind] Mari: "Hello"
Arek's eyes widened in surprise as he heard Mari's voice in his head, even though her lips hadn't moved. He could also visualize a saluting wave, as if he was hearing an image, which seemed strange to him.
[talk] Arek: “I can hear you in my head, it's strange.” He looked at Mari with confusion.
[talk] Mari: "You're not actually hearing me; I'm communicating with you through telepathy. Your brain is interpreting my thoughts as if they were spoken words, which is what you're familiar with. You understood my salute as a greeting."
[think] Arek: "Telepathy. It seems to require physical contact.” Arek's mind raced as he tried to process this new information.
[mind] Mari: “HELLO" her voice suddenly became louder in his mind
Arek winced as a slight sting ran through his head.
[talk] Arek: "I can hear you fine, you don't have to shout.” He rubbed his temples.
[talk] Mari: "Your Upper Dantian doesn't seem to be impaired. Let's see if it functions properly. Think back to me."
[talk] Arek: “How?" He furrowed his brow
[talk] Mari: "Just focus on where we are touching and send me a greeting.” She instructed
[mind] Arek: "H.L.D.H.A.Y."
[talk] Mari: "What does that mean? Send me an image."
[think] Arek: "This would be easier if my native language were logographic."
***
[mind] Woman's Voice: "Hello my love, fate has brought us together once more.”  A woman's voice suddenly filled his mind

This did not feel like Mari, and it was a clear complex sentence, not symbolic words or concepts. Arek struggled to open his eyes but found that he couldn't. He was connected to someone and it was not Mari. He focused and sent back one interrogative concept
[mind] Arek: "Who?" 
[mind] Woman: "I am Eve, your wife."
[think] Arek: "I am 12, I don't have a wife"
[mind] Eve: "We became gods together and shared an eternal life. Our love for each other was only exceeded by the love for our children, but they are now in danger. As gods, we are powerless to intervene, so we came for the sake of our children.” She explained.
[think] Arek: "I thought telepathy only transferred simple words and feelings. But now I'm hearing complex sentences in English, as if they were spoken. This dream is inconsistent."
[mind] Eve: "This is not telepathy. I am directly writing into your mind and can read all your thoughts.” She clarified
[think] Arek: "This is all too strange... I don't mind waking up from this dream now"
[mind] Eve: "You have been born from my eternal love's ultimate sacrifice. You are his last legacy, destined to save our children. I am here to ensure your success. Be enlightened."
A flood of information entered Arek's mind. Two gods who shred their corporate shells to spend eternity together, they left their creation in the temporal universe to grow on their own. Immaterial eternity didn't bring them the satisfaction they expected but they refused to reincarnate from fear of being separated. When they sensed their children were fated for extinction, they decided to sacrifice themselves to create a path for survival.
He learned that he, Mari, and Makito were all connected to Eve and her partner, who were once powerful deities. Makito and Mari were twins, and Eve's reincarnation was split among them. Makito had the ability to tap into energy, while Eve's consciousness had entered Mari, allowing her to take control of others' minds, manipulating her and everyone else into believing that Arek was her younger brother. In reality, he was older than her and had been found unconscious near the village after the monster attack. As for Arek, Eve's partner had sacrificed even his own consciousness to give Arek the greatest powers possible.
As he organized the information from Eve, Arek couldn't deny that this was reality. Everything he had known before was a lie, and he was now living in a village that had survived a monster attack, with a girl who was possessed by a god and believed him to be her brother. He also had another brother with divine powers and he himself had some heavenly powers. Together, they were meant to save humanity.
Arek's understanding of the universe expanded as he began to grasp the concept of Mana, an energy present on this world that could be manipulated like magic. He realized that scientists on his home planet, Source Earth, were like those at the bottom of a well, trying to learn everything about their shaft while knowing in frustration and hope that there was a much bigger and different world outside of their reach.
[mind] Eve: "They call this energy Mana on this world, it enables living creatures to evolve their body, mind, and even cast spells like magic.” She interrupted his thought
[mind] Arek: What happened to Source Earth?” His mind was full of questions
[mind] Eve: "Unfortunately, we are not familiar with this world as the laws of the dimension we came from are different so we cannot relate to this world properly. However, I know that my love sacrificed himself for us to be together and to save our children. I have learned what I know about this world from the minds of others, but it is not much. I am not even aware of where you grew up. One thing is certain, though: if your identity as a scientist or your special abilities are revealed, you will be in danger. It is important that you do not tell Mari about me, as if she were to find out about my existence, my consciousness could be sealed and I would not be able to protect either of you any longer."
[talk] Arek: "What are my heavenly powers?"
[mind] Eve: "I did not sacrifice myself, I was split among two people. One received a Divine Mind with my consciousness and the other a Divine Body. Your heavenly powers will be much greater as you are the sole recipient of the inheritance from the ultimate sacrifice of my love. However, I have already spent too much time with you."
[talk] Arek: “Wait!" Arek cried out.

[talk] Mari: "I'm not rushing you, calm down.”
[think] Arek: "Eve is gone and it doesn't seem like Mari has noticed anything."
[talk] Mari: "Send me a feeling that can be described in a single image."
Arek wondered if he could use an emoji like they did in their chats at school. He chose to send a wave emoji.
[mind] Arek: {wave}
[talk] Mari: "Very good, your Chakra seems to function properly. I will Tag you now"
As Arek "saw" the energies within Mari circulate, he noticed three strange pockets of energy within her. One was located at the base of her brain, another at the height of her heart, and the third behind her belly button. The upper pocket was an electric storm, the middle was planets orbiting a black hole, and the lower was a bright sun with no planets. Suddenly, one of the planets in the middle pocket shot into the black hole and reappeared in the lower pocket, orbiting the sun. To Arek's surprise, he understood what he was witnessing: Mari was creating some kind of invisible bridge between them, linking them as if they were in constant physical contact. The planet activated a spell it when sent through the black hole, while the sun in the lower pocket kept it active.
[mind] Mari: "Hello"
Although Mari had taken a few steps back, they remained connected through the bridge, with her electric cloud displaying activity as she transmitted her greeting telepathically.
[mind] Arek: {wave}
[talk] Mari: "Psionics only work if we are touching. How do you think we can communicate telepathically?"
[talk] Arek: "You created a link between us by activating one the planets in your chest”
[talk] Mari: "Planets on my chest?" As she looked down at her flat chest with confusion. Suddenly, she became upset and slapped Arek with incredible strength, sending him flying across the room.
A burst of energy from the sun in Mari's lower universe had traveled into her arm, likely granting her immense strength. However, Arek's body has become significantly stronger, so she didn't harm him.
Arek observed that the electric cloud was what Mari referred to as the Upper Dantian, which she used for telepathy and was related to the door of the mind. The sun in the lower part was related to the door of the body and seem to provide energy, and the middle pocket with the planets was for casting magic spells. 
As Arek gazed at the planets in the middle Dantian, he recognized one of them as the one Mari had used to create the bridge. There was another planet that looked different, and he felt he could activate it. 
[think] Arek: "These planets must be spells, let's activate this one”
Mari suddenly vanished from in front of Arek and reappeared behind him, breaking their connection.
He realized that the target of the teleportation could have been either Mari or any object that she was in contact with or had established a bridge with. He felt like he could have changed the target and teleported himself instead.
Mari's anger quickly faded and was replaced with panic.
[talk] Mari: "What have I done?” she cried out, rushing out of the room.


Mari and Arek left the room they were in and entered a magnificent chamber reminiscent of Christian churches on Earth. Although the architecture and decor were similar, the main symbol that appeared repeatedly was the Yin and Yang, instead of a cross. A bald man dressed in a black robe, Priest Reman, was meditating in the room. Upon seeing Mari and Arek, he opened his eyes and his face lit up.
[talk] Mari: "Priest Reman, something happened!" She exclaimed.
[talk] Priest Reman: “Arek has Awakened! Wonderful, we can leave as soon as he confesses.”
[talk] Mari: "I need to confess first! Arek opened his Upper Dantian first and he lost his memory. But worse, an Escape spell activated by itself, something is wrong with me!" she said clearly concerned.
[talk] Priest Reman: "Very well, my child, kneel and confess.” He commanded.
Mari kneeled before the Priest, who placed his hand on her head. After a moment, he froze, turned to look at Arek and covered his mouth with his finger. Arek immediately realized that Eve was controlling him and telling him to keep quiet. He nodded in agreement.
[think] Arek: ”Eve seems to have the ability to mentally control anyone who uses psionics against Mari”
[talk] Priest Reman: "Don't be so careless with your gifts," he warned Arek.
[think] Arek: ”Mari didn't understand when I was talking about the planets in her Dantian and she thinks her spell self-activated... could this be part of my special power?"
After a few moments, the Priest removed his hand from Mari's head and life returned to his eyes.
[talk] Priest Reman: "Arek's breakthrough was a success, although he experienced some memory loss during the awakening process. He will need to refresh his knowledge of the Church's teachings. As for you, Mari, there's no cause for concern. It appears that you have a rare condition known as spontaneous casting."
[think] Arek: "Eve must have manipulated the priest and Mari into believing they had inspected me and given her the information she wanted. What incredible power she has!"
[talk] Mari: "Can spontaneous casting be cured?” She asked worryingly
[talk] Priest Reman: "It's a mental issue, not a physical one. Although it's rare, there have been cases of it before. Don't worry, my child.”
[talk] Mari: “I don’t want to hurt anyone”
[talk] Priest Reman: "Every problem has a solution. My suggestion is for you to concentrate on learning support spells, rather than offensive ones. In this way, even if you experience spontaneous casting, no one will be put in harm's way."
[talk] Mari: "Thank you for your guidance. I am grateful to God Buddha Christ, the savior of humanity, for his wisdom."
[think] Arek: "God Buddha Christ? A blend of the Catholic Church's authority, architecture, and rituals, combined with the personas of Buddha and Christ, and topped off with the symbol of Yin and Yang. This religion seems to be a fusion of the main belief systems from Earth. I wonder if it was created intentionally or if it evolved into its current form naturally, after humanity left Earth and adapted to a world of magic."
[talk] Priest Reman: "We will be departing for the Academy soon. Mari, I trust that you'll help fill in some of the gaps in Arek's memory. I'll make preparations and teach him more about our savior during our journey."
With these words, the Priest left the room.