Chapter 9 - MISSION

[talk] Arek: “To reach higher levels, I need to train, and to train, I need credits?”
[talk] Makito: "Exactly. Use your assistant to find a suitable mission from the School of Service, given your Chakra, it shouldn't be too difficult."
Following Makito's advice, Arek's assistant presented him with a mission that paid more than usual and required a high level of psionic defense, which Arek had. Upon accepting the mission, he received the details of when and where he was expected to go.
After Makito and Mari left to tend to their own matters, Arek left his Assistant in the living room and went to his bedroom to remove Sopi's harness. Once he did, Sopi immediately shot a hair to a dimly lit corner of the room, teleported itself there, and became invisible.
Sopi was now nowhere to be seen in the empty room, appearing as though it had teleported to a distant location. However, Arek was connected to Sopi through their permanent link, and although this didn't give him the ability to locate Sopi, as he focused he realize he could vaguely see through its mana sense. He could see the room and himself, in monochrome and very low resolution, enough deduce where Sopi was looking from and where it was located.
[think] Arek: “This is what they meant by seeing though Mana”
Arek approached Sopi and attempted to pick it up, but Sopi tried to quickly shoot a hair towards another corner, which Arek prevented from succeeding. Arek picked up Sopi and when Sopi tried to use the 'Stun' ability, Arek reflected it back.
Arek had the ability to cast Sopi’s spells as if they were his own spells, identify any Spell that he saw being cats, prevent the casting of spells and psionic powers, and ever reflect psionic powers to the caster.
After Sopi regained consciousness, Arek let it shoot another hair and teleport to it, Arek then opened his hand and used a 'Teleport' spell from Sopi, using his hand as the target. Sopi reappeared in Arek's hand.
From then on, Sopi didn't try to escape or stun Arek again.
[think] Arek: "It learned quickly, it has some intelligence."
Arek retrieved his assistant and sought ways to train beasts but there was little information available. Beastmasters were very secretive about their methods of communicating with their beasts, which seemed to be a combination of telepathy and emotional transfers which needed to be customized for each type of beast.
Before he could finish his research on beast taming, his Assistant informed him that it was time to go to his mission and showed him the way. On the way, Sopi tried to shoot hairs at various targets, but Arek was stopped it each time, causing each hair to just drop.
Arek was correct in thinking that Sopi was intelligent. In fact, Sopi was very intelligent and was very afraid of Arek, who could prevent it from casting spells and even redirect its psionic powers against it. Arek could even teleport Sopi against its will, making Sopi wonder what kind of monster its master was.

The mission assigned to Arek was straightforward - he was required to sit and do nothing while another student cast the spell 'Charm' on him. Charm was a water power that affected the mind of its target, making them attracted to the caster. Although the effect of a single charm was subtle, it could have a significant impact - improving first impressions, negotiating better terms, or causing an enemy to hesitate briefly before attacking. The only way to determine if a charm was successful was through observing changes in the attitude of the affected person. Even the target would not know it has been charmed, it would know it was the recipient of a Charm only in case of catastrophic failure.
Alex was an exception as he had the unique ability to see the movement of energy, which would enable him to see powers used on him and wether they succeeded.
To master a spell, power, or ability, one must first attain a basic understanding and then practice and practice more. One can achieve the basic understanding through the use of a Arcane Insight Crystal, which is expensive, by being possessed by a master using your body and mind to perform it repeatedly, or by being the recipient of many catastrophic failures, which offer glimpses of understanding. 
Being able to see the energies in others gave Arek an advantage in getting some understand, similar to witnessing someone use through possession. But he would still need to practice and cheat-gaining the initial enlightenment.
Charm was a difficult spell to practice with since repeatedly charming someone would affect their thinking and actions, bringing unwanted situations. As soon as the target showed signs of being attracted, which needed just a couple of successes, the practice would be ovrr. Since Arek’s Spirit was very strong, he was able to resist more Charms than other Awakened making him a suitable candidate for others to practice powers like Charm.

Arek arrived at the meeting, where he was greeted by a female student with a cold demeanor and a natural flawed beauty. Her skin was lightly tanned with long black hair and yellowish eyes, with features that were so beautiful and yet imperfect, that they could not have possibly been designed. She exuded a presence that was reminiscent of a goddess.
In a world where the physical body could be manipulated through the use of Ki, almost all cultivators were good-looking, with appearances that approached perfection. However, this student's unique features could only come from nature and set her apart from the artificially beautiful crowd. Her cold demeanor was likely a result of the endless stream of suitors who constantly courted her.
[talk] Arek: “What's your name?”
[talk] Rin: “Don’t you already know it? We don't need to talk. I can’t believe they sent me an awaken, what a waste.”
Arek's assistant had already displayed her name, Rin.
[talk] Arek: “Please proceed and cast your power”, he spoke calmly while offering her his hands.
[talk] Rin: “Don’t touch me! Turn around and keep your hands down”
She quickly touched his back to tag him.
[talk] Rin: “Don’t approach me or talk to me. Go sit over there with your disgusting creature.”
[think] Arek: “Disgusting creature, Sopi?”
Despite Rin's disrespectful behavior, Arek did as he was told and took a seat, but the hatred in his eyes was evident. Rin treated him like a slave and insulted not only him but also Sopi. Despite her beauty, he found her detestable.
[talk] Rin: “And keep your ugly eyes closed.”
[think] Rin: “He has no magic , he uses the shields of his familiar and his only sight is visual. Let’s see how long he keeps his eyes closed as he gets charmed”
Since Rin had tagged him, he could look into her. She was a Devil who had opened her lower Dantian first and her upper Dantian second. She has a great amount of Ki and a decent amount of Chakra, with her magic being the weakest.
Without uttering a word, Rin attempted use 'Charm' against Arek. However, he swiftly redirected her Chakra back towards her to teach her a lesson. Little did Rin know, her 'Charm' spell had backfired and was now affecting her instead. 
At that moment, Arek suddenly felt Sopi shooting a tag at Rin and he cancelled it. He then remembered a peculiar trait of a beast contract was that they created a network between each other and could feel each other. When Arek reflected Rin’s Chakra to her, it appeared as a catastrophic failure so Sopi felt it and tried to retaliate by casting a stun on her.
As he was paying attention to Sopi, Arek was caught off guard when Rin tried to charm him again and let her Charka hit him.
[Thought] Arek: "She got me, but iI don’t feel any different"
Arek focused his attention on both Rin and Sopi, preparing himself to counter any further attacks. In an effort to reduce any retaliation from Sopi, Arek redirected Rin's next charm towards Sopi
[Thought] Arek: "Maybe this will make Sopi less likely to attack Rin.”
[think] Rin: “I targeted him 3 times , his eyes are closed and I saw a slight reaction only once. He’s pretty good for an Awaken, let’s see how long he lasts”
[Think] Arek: "All her insults were probably just an act to get me to dislike her. It was a strategy to detect when my attitude towards her would change. I was misled, she might not be as bad as I initially thought. Maybe I can adjust her attitude?"
Arek decided to redirect the Charm back to Rin one more time, while keeping an eye on Sopi. Although Sopi reacted more slowly and seemed to hesitate when it detected the catastrophic failure, Arek still had to prevent it from tagging Rin.
[Think] Arek: "I'll make Rin hit Sopi one more time and then I shouldn’t have to worry about it retaliating anymore."
[Think] Rin: "He's still holding on, seemingly unaffected. he’s more resilient than I thought."
Arek redirected Rin's next charm spell to Sopi while monitoring Sopi as well, but Sopi actually reflected the charm back to Rin, it was a natural catastrophic failure that was not Arek’s doing. In retaliation, Sopi tried to tag her again, but Arek promptly cancelled it again.
[think] Rin: “That little beast he is holding is pretty cute”
Arek redirected again the next ‘Charm’ to Sopi who seemed to behave directly and focused his vision on her.
[talk] Rin: "He still shows no response... his willpower is amazing.”
[talk] Rin: “Keep being a good boy and continue to stay still, I am not done with you”
[think] Arek: “She still speaks to me in this manner despite being hit by her own spell several times. This spells is really weak.”
Arek reflected Rin's spell once more.

[think] Arek: “Her Chakra is depleted and requires time to recharge. Sopi has ceased its aggressive behavior and is now passively observing Rin. I have a moment of respite and should take advantage of it to reflect on how much I have comprehended regarding  ‘Charm’ and ‘Stun’. These powers seem to be created by manipulating an electric frequency and amplitude, the charka wave is similar to sound waves, and when I redirect it without modifying it, it will reflect to the other party like an echo.”
[Think] Rin: “His white hair is natural and not artificially created by a modeler. He’s quite attractive...”
While meditating on ‘Charm’, Arek felt Sopi try to tag her again, he let it go curious of what it was going to do next since its aggressiveness was gone. Sopi follow by a teleportation spell, with Rin as the target. Teleportation requires the consent of the target, which Rin would never give, so Arek chose to ignore it and continue to concentrate on reaching enlightenment.
But after being affected by the charm spell three times towards Arek and once towards Sopi in such a short period, Rin's thoughts and reasoning were disordered.
[Think] Rin: “That cute little beast wants me to teleport, does it want to reveal its master’s secrets? Why won’t he look at me, will he even realize I am gone? I need time to replenish my Chakra, so I might as well go and see.”
Rin vanished and reappeared in front of Arek.
[Think] Rin: "It brought me to him?"
As Rin teleported in front of Arek, his connection to Rin was severed. Upon opening his eyes and seeing Rin, he was momentarily stunned.
[Talk] Rin: “You failed. I knew you wouldn't be able to resist looking at me" with her arms on her hips and a self-satisfied expression on her face.
Arek was momentarily stunned as he was confronted with the sight of the most beautiful person he had ever seen, who was confidently standing naked in front of him without any sign of embarrassment. As Rin stood there, he was reminded of the same behavior he had encountered with Bay. Unlike Bay’s bosom that had a curvaceous, round shape, Rin’s breasts were small and had a pear-like shape, which she was trying to emphasize by puffing her chest. Rin's body had a different type of beauty, that Arek actually preferred. He was unsure whether this lack of modesty was a common trait among the people here or if these people were simply exhibitionistic. Regardless, Arek felt uncomfortable and quickly fled the room without saying a word, avoiding eye contact and keeping his head low as he went.
[Think] Rin: "What's wrong with him? He was acting so cool before, but now he's like a shy child running away."
Rin realized something felt off, and as Arek was leaving, he heard a scream coming from the room behind him, but he didn't pause or slow down.